There are a lot of different things that you can ask during an advising
session, and you're not limited to a single advising session. You
can have multiple advising sessions. So some of the things that they
can help you with our planning, a course of study so that you get your
requirements fulfilled on time. Looking at the various options that
you have to fulfill the different requirements, um, advising you
about possible concentrations within the major or possible miners that
may complement ah, major in psychology, depending on what your career
goals are, um, they can also give you some advice about the different
professors who teach the various classes and what they're teaching
styles are like to see, you know if they if one might be more
compatible with your learning style versus another. So there's a lot
of things that you can ask the advising office about